Mizrahi, Moti (2009). ‘Ought’ Does Not Imply ‘Can’. Philosophical Frontiers 4 (1):19-35.
Frederick, Danny (2010). Unmotivated Intentional Action. Philosophical Frontiers 5 (1):21-30.
Bennett-Hunter, Guy (2009). Absurd Creation: An Existentialist View of Art? Philosophical Frontiers 4 (1):49-58.
Llanera, Tracy (2010). Alive Beyond Death! Ricoeur and the Immortalizing Narrative of the Self. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 5 (1):37-42.
Ahmed, Saladdin (2008). Wisdom Poisons Life. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 3 (2).
Altamura, Gina & Fritzman, J. M. (forthcoming). Hegel's Pyjamas: Refashioning World History in Light of Postcolonial Criticism. Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
Amini, Majid (forthcoming). Consciousness and the Alleged Failure of Analytic Philosophy. Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
Arp, Robert (2008). Suárez and Filmer on Freedom. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 3 (2).
Bertman, Martin A. (forthcoming). Any important concept within a political theory has a systematic connection with other concepts, methodological and normative ones. Theoretical order provides a measurement for actual political conditions and an agenda for political transformation. Inevitably, there is a hiatus between theory and fact. Nevertheless, a proper theory provides a sturdy general account of empirical political conditions and an estimate of human capacity; in addition, as an agenda, theory provides a basis for moving political conditions by the ingenuity of statecraft. Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
Bertman, Martin A. (2008). Berlin, Dewey and Rawls. Relativism and Liberalism. Philosophical Frontiers 1 (2008):27-39.
Blum, Mark E. (2009). ""The" Living Present" in its Phases and Profiles: a Phenomenology of Phenomenology Augmented by Stylistics. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (1).
Campos, Andre Santos (2009). Grotius's Interdisciplinarity Between Law And Political Philosophy. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2).
Corrigan, Richard H. (forthcoming). Could God Know What I Would Freely Do? Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
Cupitt, Don (1982). Kant and the negative theology. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
De Vleeschouwer, Gregory (2009). Mirror Neurons and the Formal Unity of the Self. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (1).
Dilworth, John (2008). Free action as two level voluntary control. Philosophical Frontiers 3 (1):29-45.
Gertz, Nolen (2008). Fotion, Nicholas, Kashnikov, Boris, and Lekea, Joanne, K. (2007). Terrorism: The New World Disorder. Continuum International: New York. 192 pp. (pbk), ISBN 0826492586. Philosophical Frontiers 3 (1):183-187.
Hamblet, Wendy C. (2009). Swans, Ravens, Death and Tyranny: On the Mythology of Freedom. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2).
Harrington, James (2008). Science and the Argument of the Tractatus. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 3 (2).
Hebblethwaite, Brian (1982). True' and 'false' in christology. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Hepburn, R. W. (1982). Optimism, finitude, and the meaning of life. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Kennedy, Miles (2009). Bachelard Belittled: Devaluation Through Borrowing in Sartre and Derrida. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (1).
Kingston, Mark (2009). The Pluralist Argument for Moral Dilemmas: A Foucauldian Approach. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (1).
Lampe, G. W. H. (1982). Athens and jerusalem. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Lash, Nicholas (1982). Ideology, metaphor, and analogy. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Lazier, Joyce (2008). Kant's Moral Grounding of Societal Duties. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 3 (2).
Lybaert, Fauve (2009). What Does Our Love For Someone Reveal About Diachronic Personal Identity? Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2).
Mikkonen, Jukka (2010). Contemplation and Hypotheses in Literature. Philosophical Frontiers 5 (1):73-83.
Moro, Rodrigo (2009). The Conjunction Fallacy and the Debate on Human Rationality. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2).
Moule, C. F. D. (1982). The borderlands of ontology in the new testament. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Norris, Christopher (forthcoming). Some Versions of Platonism: Mathematics and Ontology According to Badiou. Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
O'Brien, Dan (2009). Hume on Sexual Attraction. In Corrigan & Farrell (eds.), Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts. Progressive Frontiers Press.
Ralston, Shane J. (2009). Recovering Pragmatism's Practicality: Four Views. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (1).
Sandis, Constantine (2008). How to Act Against Your Better Judgement. Philosophical Frontiers 3 (2):111-123.
Smith, Steven G. (2009). The Structure of Unlimited Action Sharing. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2):57-71.
Stead, Christopher (1982). The concept of mind and the concept of God in the Christian fathers. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Sutherland, Stewart (1982). Religion, ethics, and action. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Sykes, S. W. (1982). Theological study. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Torrance, T. F. (1982). Theological realism. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Veldeman, Johan (2009). Appreciating Art After the End of Art. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 4 (2).
Ward, Tanya R. (forthcoming). Consequentialism, broadly speaking, claims that the moral factor of promoting thegoodistheonly moral factor–the right action is that which will bring about the best overall results, and, we are morally obligated to carry out actions of this sort. 1 The major objections to this moral theory center on two different issues: that it permits too much, and that it demands too much. Speaking for consequentialism's deontological critic in his Normative Ethics, Shelly Kagan2. Philosophical Frontiers: Essays and Emerging Thoughts.
White, Roger (1982). Notes on analogical predication, and speaking about God. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Williams, Bernard (1982). Practical necessity. In Donald MacKenzie MacKinnon, Brian Hebblethwaite & Stewart R. Sutherland (eds.), The Philosophical Frontiers of Christian Theology: Essays Presented to D.M. Mackinnon. Cambridge University Press.
Wisnewski, J. Jeremy (2008). The Case for Anti-Antirealism: Wittgenstein, Heidegger, and Aristotle on Language and Essence. Philosophical Frontiers: A Journal of Emerging Thought 3 (2).
Michaelian, Kourken (2016). Memory: A History. Frontiers in Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology 6.
Huebner, Bryce (2012). Surprisal and valuation in the predictive brain. Frontiers in Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology 3:415.
Keppler, Joachim (2013). A new perspective on the functioning of the brain and the mechanisms behind conscious processes. Frontiers in Psychology, Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology 4 (Article 242):1-6.
Nanay, Bence (2012). Bayes or determinables? What does the bidirectional hierarchical model of brain functions tell us about the nature of perceptual representation? Frontiers in Theoretical and Philosophical Psychology 3.